title:Mobile Security for Android Support
summary_info:New version available!Check for new updates via the Google Play Store to get the new version.Upgrade now! You can also get Mobile Security for Android FREE with your Maximum Security or Premium Security license. Learn howor get the Trial Version here.
main_content:FAQsSetupSubscriptionTechnical TopicsExpand AllI am getting "Update unsuccessful" error message when updating my Mobile Security app. What should I do?This happens when your internet connection is unstable or the Trend Micro server is under maintenance.To resolve this issue, do any of the following:Move to a place with a good network connection, then try again. Connect to another network connection, then try again.If the issue persists, contact our Technical Support for assistance.Why am I getting "Unable to contact Trend Micro" error message?"Unable to contact Trend Micro" error message appears when the app is unable to connect to the Trend Micro server. This happens because your internet connection is interrupted or not working. Make sure to have a working and stable internet connection when using the app.To resolve this issue, you may follow the instructions on this Knowledge Base article: "Unable to contact Trend Micro" error message appears in Mobile Security for Android.I'm getting "Unable to continue" message when activating Mobile Security. What should I do?You encounter any of the following issues when you activate your Mobile Security:You receive the error message: "Unable to continue - Error code #98000006".You receive the error message: "Unable to continue" after clicking Accept.Signing in to your account creates a trial subscription instead of an existing paid subscription.To resolve this issue, follow the instructions on this Knowledge Base article: Unable to activate Mobile Security appCan I install Mobile Security on my Amazon Kindle?Mobile Security for Amazon Kindle has reached its End of Life (EOL) last October 13, 2017. This means that Mobile Security for Amazon Kindle will no longer be available in the Amazon Store.If you still have an active subscription, you can transfer the protection on other Android or iOS devices supported by Mobile Security.To know more about the End of Life (EOL) and End of Support (EOS) of Mobile Security for Amazon Kindle, click here.How do I scan my device for viruses and threats?To scan your Android device, follow the instructions below:On your device, open the Trend Micro Mobile Security app.On the main screen, tap Scan located at the top center portion.Wait for the scan to finish.To know more about the Scan feature of Mobile Security for Android, refer to this Knowledge Base article: Using the Device Health Scan feature in Mobile Security for Android. Non-Technical TopicsExpand AllWhat does activation do?Activating the full version of the Mobile Security allows you to use the full features of the application for more than 7-days.How can I transfer protection from another device to this mobile device?To transfer protection from another device to this device: Connect this device to the Internet and sign in to your Trend Micro account.From the Mobile Security Settings, tap Transfer a license to this device. This displays all the licenses available under your account.Tap the license that you want to transfer to this mobile device. After the license transfer is successful, the protection on the original device will be disabled.Can I use the serial number of my Trend Micro Security program for Mobile Security?Yes, you can use the serial number of Maximum Security for your Mobile Security for Android and Mobile Security for iOS app. However, you are only entitled for a 30-day free trial of Mobile Security when you use Internet Security and Antivirus+ Security.Can I install Mobile Security on Android, iPad or Windows mobile devices?You can install Mobile Security on your iOS devices and Android devices. However devices running on Windows Mobile is currently not supported. To install Mobile Security on your Android phones and tablet, download the app from the Google Play Store. For instructions, refer to this Knowledge Base article: Downloading, installing and activating the full version of Mobile Security for Android.To install Mobile Security on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch, download the app from Apple App Store. For instructions, refer to this Knowledge Base article: Downloading, installing, and activating the full version of Mobile Security for iOS.   Product GuideLearn more about Trend Micro™ Mobile Security for Android and its features. Get the comprehensive manual now.Download Product Guide Easy SetupCheck if your device meets the following requirements:Operating SystemAndroid OS 4.1 to 9.0Storage Space50MB (minimum)Memory40MB - 100MBOthersInternet Connection Follow these step-by-step instructions to download, install, and activate: Go to Google Play Store, then look for Trend Micro Mobile Security.Download and install Mobile Security, then open the app.Tap Settings, then tap Buy/Activate.If you have a full version, tap Use Activation Code, type the Activation Code, then tap OK.  or Scan this QR codeNeed help with your subscription?   Online store FAQsGet answers to frequently asked questions regarding online purchases.    Find my OrderCheck the status of your orders and online purchases.    Our partner retailersFind a Trend Micro Security partner store near you.    Trend Micro Account FAQsGet answers to frequently asked questions about your Trend Micro Account.